Yeah-yeah yeah-yeah
Turn my music up
Turn my music up  truck shit now
Truck shit now  truck shit now
Truck shit now  turn my music up
Turn my music up  truck shit now
Live nigga bully foot brass-knuckle wrapped shit now
Check it out now yeah yeah
Yeah relax that shit you talk
Before I sick my  bitch on you that'll bounce with your dick on a fork
I'll bring a bigger storm to calm your clouds
I own a couple things I even own a farm with cows
I own the moment when my niggas run deep through crowds
Like how a pregnant woman breast milk leak through her blouse
A lotta niggas love to wish on a star  don't give a fuck who you are
I know some niggas that'll piss on your car
Now see every time we step in the place
I give y'all niggas shit that put a foul look on your face
And rob ice like I was never more able
Don't drink coffee 'cause my diamond be cuttin' the glass on the table
Hey  I be the lost found tribe of Shabazz
Bless niggas then I plant another bomb on your ass
And then I put my students all in a class
Declare my rulership and leave y'all niggas fucked up doin' the math!
One time now  truck shit now
Truck shit now  turn my music up
Turn my music up  truck shit now
Truck volume  truck volume
I know ya wanna get up on it
Let me show ya how we do
Every time we drop that shit
You know we put it down for you
How many times you gon' crush down somethin'?
You need to change your name up to 'Bus-a-Bus down somethin''
You fuckin' with the highest my nigga
Tryin' to fuck with the giants might as well call me 'Goliath' my nigga
C'mon drop hot shit on the spot sop it up with a mop
Before the hungry come and shop on your block
I know some niggas that'd love to blood suck you all
A thing of the past because them niggas stuck you all
One shot bust and the same bullet struck you all
And when they bounce  you hear voices screamin' "Fuck you all!"
Gathered up about a thousand young bucks who brawl
As decoys  in case they needed to duck you all
That's why you better move tight with your clique
Niggas be thirsty and quick  just to be off into the night with your shit
C'mon! We keep it street could give a damn who you are
Make niggas wild and bitches spread  and put they hands on the car
Now let me frisk 'em! And shake they asses  down to the floor
While dude wonderin'  "What them niggas is poundin' me for?
What them niggas grillin'? What them niggas houndin' me for?
Before the poundin' what them niggas was surroundin' me for?"
Well let me tell you  what the fuck we was surroundin' you for
We came to get you once  but now I come to get you for more
And while they gettin' got  niggas drinkin' ten-dollar-hennies a shot
Gettin' drunk and wildin' out in the spot
What the fuck now?  truck shit now
Truck shit now  turn my music up
Turn my music up  hot shit now
Street shit now  truck volume
I know ya wanna get up on it
Let me show ya how we do
Every time we drop that shit
You know we put it down for you
I know ya wanna get up on it
Let me show ya how we do
Every time we drop that shit
You know we put it down for you