It's fuckin' act right  
Question is, can I get some? Know what I'm saying?  
Ackrite, bitch  
When I see you in the spot, you just ackrite, you know what I'm saying?  
When I yank you by the fuckin' arm, don't be looking at a nigga crazy  
Just give up the digits and be the fuck out, you know what I'm saying?  
Let me break it down for y'all  
It was just one of those days when I wanted to catch sunrays  
It's fun to get blunted on a Sunday  
Afternoon, nigga bathed, got groomed  
Grabbed the gat for misbehaviors and the chocolate flavored boom  
Lost in hip-hop tunes, zoom-zoom like the Commodores  
Wonder will we have drama, or  
End up clowning whores and round up four good-to-go girls  
Like them Barbary Coast girls  
Riding shotgun, baby, I be postin' all-world in the ride  
Sipping 151 done gave me too much pride to back down  
Soon as we get to The Beach I'ma put my fuckin' mack down  
I'm playin' lead, not the background  
It's time to put Bronson on the map now  
Walk with my hand on my Johnson, crack a smile  
Cuties peep my style, if I don't get some ackrite, I'ma have to act wild  
Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right  
Strap by my waistline, 'cause niggas don't fight  
Sucker-free for life, so you better think twice  
Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite  
I'm the type of nigga player haters don't like  
Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype  
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite  
Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite  
Uh, drink kicking in, I'm still elated  
For those that don't know big words, I'm fuckin' faded  
Eighty-three degrees, ease to a shaded spot  
Our first spot was cool 'til some gangsters made it hot  
Now we plot and pose, plus we watchin' hoes  
With lots of flesh exposed getting swarmed by those  
Type of niggas with no game but brown-nose  
So I impose only like pros can  
"Yo, is this your man?" "No," grab the bitch's hand  
"I'm Hittman," bling, gold chain gleam  
"You're very eligible for my summer league team"  
Maybe too extreme, 'cause the sister got steamed  
Then miss thing tried to scream on my brethren  
I got mad, spit flame on the name Stefan  
Tattooed on her arm, ho, you ain't the bomb  
Must be a dyke, get your lips swole or give a nig' some ackrite  
Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right  
Strap by my waistline, 'cause niggas don't fight  
Sucker-free for life, so you better think twice  
Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite  
I'm the type of nigga player haters don't like  
Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype  
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite  
Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite  
Fronting on the ackrite causes me to act up  
Good Samaritans saved that ho from getting slapped up  
My homies crack up at the scene I made  
Yo, my actions ain't serene when a nigga's on fade  
If it wasn't for the one-time brigade, I woulda sprayed at the hooker tramp  
As cops parade. I'm afraid it's time to break camp, make tracks  
Where else can we go to take hoes from fake macks?  
Ayo, chase them girls in that black Maxima, the passenger  
Almost fractured her neckbone looking back at us  
Plus, they on the dick cause the Caddy's plush  
They blush, I bumrush the hus' with the largest crush  
Try to swing her after night so I don't have to keep in touch  
Keep it on the hush without the tippin'  
Macking interrupted by some niggas set trippin'  
Clip in the strap, I showed these niggas how to act  
Blunt in my left hand, drink in my right  
Strap by my waistline, 'cause niggas don't fight  
Sucker-free for life, so you better think twice  
Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite  
I'm the type of nigga player haters don't like  
Snatchin' up your honey for some late night hype  
And snobby-ass bitches get slapped out of spite  
Aight? And a give a nig' some ackrite, right  
Biotch (Yeah)  
I just wanna put my dick on your shoulder so you could put it on your mind later on  
Step it up!  
Take that dick off your shoulder, and put it in your mouth!  
Drink the evidence and hide the dick behind your head  
The police is comin', it’s code ten! (Ayy)  
Put this dick behind yo head!